valentine's day for a lot of couples is
a test mostly for husbands it's a test
to see how much money you are willing to
waste to show you love her more than the
spouse of the woman who sits next to her
at work and most men don't do well on
tests so we to test that test we went
out in Hollywood Boulevard
we found some couples who've been
together for a while we asked the guys a
few basic questions about their ladies
and as a result the following
relationships have been destroyed so I'm
gonna ask you some very basic questions
about your girlfriend okay just answer
them to the best your ability and then
you can tell us whether he was right or
wrong okay okay all right first question
when is your girlfriend's birthday our
birthday is months ago it's in I do know
this
November then December
October yeah October October what
October twentieth twenty second nineteen
no its October 29th
what are the names of your girlfriend's
parents is it Stuart is that where you
get your middle name Christopher no
Jonathan I don't think you know this do
you know his parents names uh Pamela and
Archie right that is right close your
eyes okay what color your girlfriend's
eyes they're like blue do you really
what is your girlfriend's middle name
that's a good it's Lynn does your wife
have any allergies unknown could
potentially have hay fever we don't know
penicillin is like actually kind of
deadly to me so he should probably know
this what is your girlfriend's favorite
movie Pocahontas wow that's good what is
your wife's favorite meal mmm I mean
that's a hard while it's not sushi beer
and pizza
your girlfriend's boss our bosses named
Irene
what's your boss's name she look like
Irene what are the names of your wife's
grandparents oh boy that's been a long
time ago I don't remember should he know
the names your grandparents yes
can you name his grandparents perky Ray
Allen and Lee what are the names of her
siblings she only has one and no I
better she's gonna be really mad at me
because we're just down there or
Christmas to Susie and Danny
what song did you do your first dance at
your wedding I have no idea oh did you
get married
March 26 December 26 of the two of you
who is the more generous lover me is
that true I am Jimmy Kimmel and I am not
allowed to eat this cookie until you
click the subscribe button so please
click now I'm hungry